PDF - documentation draft (#3497)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/indent.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies the value of the horizontal gap between data cells and groups and headers. Uses the measure units which are specified in the constructor of the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

Reviewer: Can we maybe add an image that illustrates this indent?

> Specifies the value of the horizontal gap between data cells and groups and headers. Uses the measure units which are specified in the constructor for the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

Reviewer: Specifies the value of the horizontal gap between data cells and groups and headers. Uses the measure units which are specified in the constructor of the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

> Specifies the value of the horizontal gap between data cells and groups and headers. Uses the measure units, which are specified in the constructor for the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

Reviewer: Имеется в виду, что indent будет между клетками И (группами и хэдерами) или между клетками, группами и хэдерами?

Uses the measure units which are specified in the constructor **of** the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object. (убрать запятую перед which)

Author: Сорри, очень расплывчато написал. Лучше заменить слово ячейки - на строчки.
Т.е. индент - горизонтальный отступ для строчек с данными, относительно заголовков и групп.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57402891/156757871-c2be6d7c-09a0-47ca-8238-4412c02d6fec.png)

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies the value of the horizontal gap between data cells and groups and headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the length of the horizontal gap between DataGrid group headers and rows.
```
